CONTRACTS: Dynamic frame condition checking (#7242)
diffblue/cbmc: src/goto-instrument/contracts/doc/developer/contracts-dev-spec-dfcc-runtime.md

# Write Set Representation {#contracts-dev-spec-dfcc-runtime}

Back to @ref contracts-dev-spec-dfcc

@tableofcontents

## Write Set Data Structure {#contracts-dev-spec-dfcc-runtime-data}

The write set type and its basic operations are implemented in the file
@ref cprover_contracts.c.

Assignable ranges of bytes specified in assigns clauses are represented by
the @ref __CPROVER_contracts_car_t :

```c
// A conditionally writable range of bytes.
typedef struct __CPROVER_contracts_car_t
{
  // True iff __CPROVER_w_ok(lb, size) holds at creation
  __CPROVER_bool is_writable;

  //Size of the range in bytes
  __CPROVER_size_t size;

  //Lower bound address of the range
  void *lb;

  //Upper bound address of the range
  void *ub;
} __CPROVER_contracts_car_t;
```

Sets of @ref __CPROVER_contracts_car_t are represented as dynamic arrays
@ref __CPROVER_contracts_car_set_t, allocated by the
@ref __CPROVER_contracts_car_set_create function.

```c
typedef struct __CPROVER_contracts_car_set_t
{
  __CPROVER_size_t max_elems;
  __CPROVER_contracts_car_t *elems;
} __CPROVER_contracts_car_set_t;
```

> The allocated size of si set is determined by the maximym number of targets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The allocated size of a set is determined by the maximum number of targets
```

Author: fixed
